Fix Ruby syntax in README (#48)
meilisearch/meilisearch-rails: README.md

  include MeiliSearch

  meilisearch do
    searchableAttributes [:title, :author, :publisher, :description]
    attributesForFaceting [:genre]
    rankingRules [

>       "proximity",
>       "typo",
>       "words",
>       "attribute",
>       "wordsPosition",
>       "exactness",
>       "desc(publication_year)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      'proximity',
      'typo',
      'words',
      'attribute',
      'wordsPosition',
      'exactness',
      'desc(publication_year)'
```

    ]

>     synonyms nyc: ["new york"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    synonyms nyc: ['new york']
```

    # The following parameters are applied when calling the search() method:

>     attributesToHighlight ["*"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    attributesToHighlight ['*']
```

You can add a custom attribute by using the `add_attribute` option or by using a block.

> ⚠️ When using custom attributes, the gem is not able to detect changes on them. Your record will be pushed to the API even if the custom attribute didn’t change. To prevent this behavior, you can create a `will_save_change_to_#{attr_name}?` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ When using custom attributes, the gem is not able to detect changes on them. Your record will be pushed to the API even if the custom attribute didn't change. To prevent this behavior, you can create a `will_save_change_to_#{attr_name}?` method.
```

#### Custom primary key

> By default, the primary key is based on your record’s id. You can change this behavior specifying the `primary_key:` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the primary key is based on your record's id. You can change this behavior by specifying the `primary_key:` option.
```

  private
  def public?
    released? && !premium?
  end
end
```

#### Share a single index

> You may want to share an index between several models. You’ll need to ensure you don’t have any conflict with the `primary_key` of the models involved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want to share an index between several models. You'll need to ensure you don't have any conflict with the `primary_key` of the models involved.
```
